What do you want me to do when I'm back with all of them?
I come to me and say, I'm calling on the given dust, you're calling me my house and
you're the last little murderner.
I ask you for justice, that is not justice.
They want to get mixed up in the family business.
You got to get a close like this, but I've been your bloody brains all over your nice side really soon.
You give a one message I want, so that's all.
Now that's all I want, we go to the family.
Now the other families want to sell their heads to the house.
I thought that would put a hidden business, not a person.
They shot my father.
He was the truth.
Your father was business, not a person.
You know my father, man I come here to kill him.
I never wanted this for you.
I work my own life, I don't support us, they care my family and I refuse to be a fool dancing
on a string held by all those fake shards.
It's not personal, it's strictly business.